chore: update changelog for v0.10.0 (#8472)
ipfs/go-ipfs: CHANGELOG.md

# go-ipfs changelog

## v0.10.0 2021-09-30

> We're happy to announce go-ipfs 0.10.0. This release brings some big changes to the IPLD internals of go-ipfs that making working with non-UnixFS DAGs easier than ever. There are also a variety of new commands and configuration options available.

Author: ```suggestion
We're happy to announce go-ipfs 0.10.0. This release brings some big changes to the IPLD internals of go-ipfs that make working with non-UnixFS DAGs easier than ever. There are also a variety of new commands and configuration options available.
```

As usual, this release includes important fixes, some of which may be critical for security. Unless the fix addresses a bug being exploited in the wild, the fix will _not_ be called out in the release notes. Please make sure to update ASAP. See our [release process](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/tree/master/docs/releases.md#security-fix-policy) for details.

### 🛠 TLDR: BREAKING CHANGES

- `ipfs dag get`
  - default output changed to [`dag-json`](https://ipld.io/specs/codecs/dag-json/spec/)

>   - unixfs (and dag-pb) field names changed (impacts userland code that works with `dag-pb` objects returned by `dag get`)

Author: This line and the one below it should match up. I'm thinking it's more accurate to be
```suggestion
  - dag-pb (e.g. unixfs) field names changed - impacts userland code that works with `dag-pb` objects returned by this `dag get`
```

IIRC there's nothing special about how the changes that effect UnixFS, they're just dag-pb changes. Sound right @willscott?

Reviewer: pathing does use the unixfs ADL though, right?

Author: There was a change to `/ipld` pathing using DagPb rather than PathedPBNode ADL pathing, but I don't think any UnixFS specific changes in behavior from how things worked previously (we still walked over the ADLs beforehand right, just through go-unixfs)

>   - unixfs (and dag-pb) field names changed (impacts userland code that works with `dag-pb` objects returned by this `dag get`)

Author: This line and the one below it should match up. I'm thinking it's more accurate to be
```suggestion
  - dag-pb (e.g. unixfs) field names changed - impacts userland code that works with `dag-pb` objects returned by this `dag get`
```

IIRC there's nothing special about how the changes that effect UnixFS, they're just dag-pb changes. Sound right @willscott?

  - no longer emits an additional new-line character at the end of the data output
- `ipfs dag put`
  - defaults changed to reduce ambiguity and surprises: input is now assumed to be [`dag-json`](https://ipld.io/specs/codecs/dag-json/spec/), and data is serialized to [`dag-cbor`](https://ipld.io/specs/codecs/dag-cbor/spec/) at rest.
  - `--format` and `--input-enc` were removed and replaced with `--store-codec` and `--input-codec`
  - codec names now match the ones defined in the [multicodec table](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec/blob/master/table.csv) 

>   - unixfs field names changed (impacts userland code that works with `dag-pb` objects stored via `dag put`)

Author: ```suggestion
  - dag-pb (e.g. unixfs) field names changed - impacts userland code that works with `dag-pb` objects stored via `dag put`
```

* **IPLD plugins**:
  * The `PluginIPLD` interface has been changed to utilize go-ipld-prime. There is a demonstration of the change in the [bundled git plugin](./plugin/plugins/git/).
* **The semantics of `dag put` and `dag get` change**:

>   * `dag get` now takes the `output-codec` option which accepts a [multicodec](https://docs.ipfs.io/concepts/glossary/#multicodec) name used to encode the output. By default this is `dag-json`, which is  a strict and deterministic subset of JSON created by the IPLD team. Users may notice differences from the previously plain Go JSON output, particularly where bytes are concerned which are now encoded using a form similar to CIDs: `{"/":{"bytes":"unpadded-base64-bytes"}}` rather than the previously Go-specific plain padded base64 string. See the [dag-json specification](https://ipld.io/specs/codecs/dag-json/spec/) for an explanation of these forms.

Author: It's a subset of JSON in that "/" is reserved (e.g. `{"/":{"bytes":"unpadded-base64-bytes"}}` will be interpreted as bytes and not some map key). It's deterministic in that the data when encoded should be stripped of whitespace and sorted https://ipld.io/specs/codecs/dag-json/spec/.

This line seems fine, mostly if people are curious about what dag-json is they should check out the spec.

  * The `json` and `cbor` multicodec names (as used by `input-enc` and `format` options) are now no longer aliases for `dag-json` and `dag-cbor` respectively. Instead, they now refer to their proper [multicodec](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec/blob/master/table.csv) types. `cbor` refers to a plain CBOR format, which will not encode CIDs and does not have strict deterministic encoding rules. `json` is a plain JSON format, which also won't encode CIDs and will encode bytes in the Go-specific padded base64 string format rather than the dag-json method of byte encoding. See https://ipld.io/specs/codecs/ for more information on IPLD codecs.
  * `protobuf` is no longer used as the codec name for `dag-pb`
  * The codec name `raw` is used to mean Bytes in the [IPLD Data Model](https://github.com/ipld/specs/blob/master/data-model-layer/data-model.md#bytes-kind)

> * **UnixFS refactor**. The **dag-pb codec**, which is used to encode UnixFS data for IPFS, is now represented in a form via the `dag` API that mirrors the protobuf schema used to define the binary format and unifies the implementations and specification of dag-pb across the IPLD and IPFS stacks. Previously, additional layers of code within IPFS between protobuf serialization and UnixFS handling for file and directory data, obscured the forms that are described by the protobuf representation. Much of this code has now been replaced and there are fewer layers of transformation. This means that interacting with dag-pb data via the `dag` API will use different forms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **UnixFS refactor**. The **dag-pb codec**, which is used to encode UnixFS data for IPFS, is now represented through the `dag` API in a form that mirrors the protobuf schema used to define the binary format. This unifies the implementations and specification of dag-pb across the IPLD and IPFS stacks. Previously, additional layers of code for file and directory handling within IPFS between protobuf serialization and UnixFS obscured the protobuf representation. Much of this code has now been replaced and there are fewer layers of transformation. This means that interacting with dag-pb data via the `dag` API will use different forms:
```
